CSE 111 Proposal for a Student Chosen Program

    (This is a proposal. All proposals are written with our best
    knowledge at the beginning of a project. As we progress from the
    beginning to the end of a project, we gain more knowledge, and we
    change some of our proposed ideas. This is part of completing any
    project and is fine.  However, we still must write a proposal so
    that our teachers or supervisors know what we intend to do. Please
    answer each of the following questions to the best of your
    knowledge.)

1. What is the title of your program? Drone.py 

2. What real-world problem will your program address or help to solve? My program will help solve the problem of programming drones. 

3. What will you learn from developing this program? I will learn the basics of how drones opperate and how to program them.  

4. What Python modules will your program use? pytest to test the code, and coex clover to me program it, and The simple_offboard 
module of the clover package is intended for simplified programming of the autonomous drone flight.

    (Some examples are: csv, datetime, functools, matplotlib, math,
    pandas, pytest, random, requests, and tkinter.)

5. Will you separate your Python program into functions that each
perform a single task? Yes, I will create one function to arm it, one function to take off, and one function for landing, *in 
a way that doesn't crash it). 

    (Remember that the most reusable functions don't get user input and
    don't print results but instead have parameters and return a result.
    Functions that get user input and print results are important and do
    useful work but are not easily reusable.)

    (Remember also that it's hard to test functions that get user input
    and print results. It's easy to test functions that don't get user
    input and don't print results but instead have parameters and return
    a result. Therefore, you should write most of your program functions
    to have parameters and return a result.)

6. Will you write test functions to test at least two of your program
functions? Since I may not buy the drone and the parts for it, I will code it and test it to make sure it works. I will write one 
test to make sure that it is armed, and a second to make sure it goes up when it's supposed to go up. 

